alrampur district collector, Alex Paul Menon, who was held captive by Maoists for 12 days in May 2012, was on Friday reportedly forced to delete his Facebook 'shares' of articles that called for support to Jawaharlal Nehru Student Union (JNUSU) president Kanhaiya Kumar and Hyderabad scholar Rohith Vemula after objections from bureaucrats and BJP officials.
Menon had shared more than 12 articles on Rohith and Kanhaiya on his Facebook page. He had also expressed solidarity with the two through a post on Twitter.
When contacted, Menon, known for his pioneering work in Maoist-hit regions in Chhattisgarh, was upset and rued the fact that the media does not talk about the "good being done by bureaucrats", and instead reports on their social media activity. "I have not extended support to either Kanhaiya or Rohith. These were just a few articles which I shared. I am a government servant and my loyalty is with my government," Menon said.
Last month, the social media posts of another collector in Chhattisgarh had created a furore. Bastar's Amit Kataria had written a Facebook post alleging that the attack on tribal rights activist Soni Sori was staged. The post drew criticism, after which he was forced to remove it.
"Being a government servant, Menon cannot extend support to those charged with sedition (Kanhaiya). When the matter was raised by bureaucrats and party officials, he was asked to delete the posts," said a state BJP functionary.
While Rohith, a Dalit PhD scholar in University of Hyderabad, committed suicide after he was suspended from hostel for an alleged attack on an Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad member, Kanhaiya was arrested by police and also roughed up by lawyers for taking part in a protest against the hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru.
Specific libraries may implement deques in different ways, generally as some form of dynamic array. But in any case, they allow for the individual elements to be accessed directly through random access iterators, with storage handled automatically by expanding and contracting the container as needed.

Therefore, they provide a functionality similar to vectors, but with efficient insertion and deletion of elements also at the beginning of the sequence, and not only at its end. But, unlike vectors, deques are not guaranteed to store all its elements in contiguous storage locations: accessing elements in a deque by offsetting a pointer to another element causes undefined behavior.

Both vectors and deques provide a very similar interface and can be used for similar purposes, but internally both work in quite different ways: While vectors use a single array that needs to be occasionally reallocated for growth, the elements of a deque can be scattered in different chunks of storage, with the container keeping the necessary information internally to provide direct access to any of its elements in constant time and with a uniform sequential interface (through iterators). Therefore, deques are a little more complex internally than vectors, but this allows them to grow more efficiently under certain circumstances, especially with very long sequences, where reallocations become more expensive.
For operations that involve frequent insertion or removals of elements at positions other than the beginning or the end, deques perform worse and have less consistent iterators and references than lists and forward lists.
cientists at the Nasa's New Horizons mission have discovered what looks like a giant "bite mark" on Pluto's surface.
Researchers suggest it may have been caused by a process known as sublimation - the transition of a substance from a solid to a gas.
The methane ice-rich surface on Pluto may be sublimating away into the atmosphere, exposing a layer of water-ice underneath, Nasa said.
The image captured by Nasa shows the cratered plateau uplands informally named Vega Terra, far in the western hemisphere of Pluto.
Cutting diagonally across the mottled plans is the long extensional fault of Inanna Fossa, which stretches eastward 600 kilometres from there to the western edge of the great nitrogen ice plains of Sputnik Planum.
Compositional data from the New Horizons spacecraft's Ralph/Linear Etalon Imaging Spectral Array (LEISA) instrument indicate that the plateau uplands south of Piri Rupes are rich in methane ice.
Scientists speculate that sublimation of methane may be causing the plateau material to erode along the face of the cliffs, causing them to retreat south and leave the plains of Piri Planitia in their wake.
Compositional data also show that the surface of Piri Planitia is more enriched in water ice than the higher plateaus, which may indicate that Piri Planitia's surface is made of water ice bedrock, just beneath a layer of retreating methane ice.
Because the surface of Pluto is so cold, the water ice is rock-like and immobile.
The light/dark mottled pattern of Piri Planitia in the left inset is reflected in the composition map, with the lighter areas corresponding to areas richer in methane - these may be remnants of methane that have not yet sublimated away entirely.
The image measures about 450 kilometres long by 410 kilometres wide. It was obtained by New Horizons at a range of about 33,900 kilometres from Pluto, about 45 minutes before the spacecraft's closest approach to Pluto on July 14 last year.
The LEISA data was gathered when the spacecraft was about 47,000 kilometres from Pluto.


